.TH SLEEP-UNTIL 1
.SH NAME
sleep-until - sleeps until a specified time
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sleep-until
.IR clockname ...
.IR timepoint ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Pause until \fItimepoint\fP. \fItimepoint\fP is the number of
seconds since Epoch, in UTC but not accounting for leap seconds,
by default. If \fIclockname\fP is specifed, \fItimepoint\fP is
the number of seconds since the zerotime of that clock.
\fItimepoint\fP may be an arbitrary floating point number.
Pause is continued when interrupted.
.PP
On Linux 4.2.2 the clocks that can be used are:
.TP
*
\fBCLOCK_REALTIME\fP
.TP
*
\fBCLOCK_MONOTONIC\fP
.TP
*
\fBCLOCK_BOOTTIME\fP
.TP
*
\fBCLOCK_REALTIME_ALARM\fP
.TP
*
\fBCLOCK_BOOTTIME_ALARM\fP
.PP
Note that the neither course clocks, \fBCLOCK_MONOTONIC_RAW\fP
(the proper implementation of a monotonic clock), and
\fBCLOCK_TAI\fP does not work.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
0
The command was successful.
.TP
1
The command failed.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sleep (1),
.BR date (1),
.BR clock_gettime (3)
.SH AUTHORS
Principal author, Mattias Andrée.  See the COPYING file for the full
list of authors.
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs to https://github.com/maandree/sleep-until/issues or to
maandree@member.fsf.org
